pictures cut it burn it and I'm going to
show you how to make illegal badness ten
Ultimatrix you start off with taking
these two pieces this piece and you have
to take it and it looks like this take
these two small pieces and put these
pieces at both the sides
now take a green square and stick it
here put these squares things take
borders put them on each of the sides
and then you have to take white parts
and you have to now put these three
pieces on the sides and you have to put
these things down here on the square
knot so mating I guess I matter which
color you you see you just have to do it
and yeah and the way to get these pieces
is in the Torah stores right armor you
know and you put it in you get strength
and here it is subscribe to shrink up
and you have your own Ultimatrix put it
on the table okay turn it on thank you
now please put like comment but don't
put a dislike comment this is my first
video and thank you for watching